# User Scenarios

## Features

* Easy to install on the GitHub Repository.
* Configure the settings on the Re-facto website.
* Raises the pull request with the refactored code.
* Dashboard to see the insights of the pull requests generated by the Re-facto bot.

## Scenarios
1. ### **Installing the GitHub app to their repository**
    User can easily install the [**Re-Facto app**](https://github.com/marketplace/re-facto) from the GitHub Marketplace. On installation, they will be prompted to authorize the app to have read and write access to all repositories or only the selected repositories. The read permission is required to read the last committed files and write permission is used to refactor the files and generate pull request with refactored code.


2. ### **Logging into Re-facto Website**

    After installation from the marketplace, the user will be redirected to the Re-Facto website or can log in using their GitHub credentials, ensuring a secure and seamless authentication process. Upon successful authentication, they are directed to the dashboard where they can see insights of the refactored code and pull request information generated by the bot for every repository configured by the user.


3. ### **Configuring settings for the Re-facto bot**
    When a user navigates to the configuration setting tab on the Re-Facto Dashboard. They will be able to configure the following settings:
    * **Commit Intervals:** Ensure the controlled bot activation based on the defined commit intervals by the user.
    * **Minimum Lines:** Setting a minimum lines threshold ensures the bot activates only when the commit has minimum lines of modified code.
    * **Select Repository:** Specify the repository on which the bot should run with defined configurations.
    * **Select Branch to Track:** Extra level of specification in the specified repository to ensure the activation of the bot when the code changes are triggered in the defined branch.
    * **Select your Target Branch:** Generates a pull request to merge the refactored code to the user-defined target branch.

    Once the configuration settings have been changed, the user needs to press ```Save``` button to have the settings in effect.


4. ### **Approving the pull request on GitHub**
    When a Re-Facto bot raises a pull request, the user can manually review the refactored code in order to ensure the quality of the code. If the user is satisfied with the code quality then PR can be approved. However, the repository owner has the ability to reject a pull request if it breaks code quality rules.


[**Go back to README.md**](../README.md)
